It's a short one.
Hey, kid, you got it right.
This is Yada's blog on a blog.
Catch it with us now.
I may be five hundred years old before
I tire of Wookie introducing our show.
How are you?
Absolutely.
Doing well.
Good, good.
We're going to return to our vlog on
a vlog format.
It's an interesting way to present the
news.
And boy,
do we have a lot of news to
cover.
We are presenting this program as a vlog
based upon my Facebook blog.
where we communicate all manner of things
that are based on the news.
This will be a little bit newsy.
The first item up there, Kevin,
is actually a rebuke of Elon Musk.
based upon a post of Secretary of State.
And what is he?
The chief Intel agent now of the United
States.
It's kind of frightening.
Marco Rubio.
The propaganda officer?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, chief propaganda officer.
That's the entire Trump cabinet would be
the circus of psychopaths.
Yeah,
so what we're trying to do here in
the United States is to justify being
thugs.
Yeah,
normally the United States had a bad habit
of pretending to be the world's policeman
and criticizing everybody else for bad
behavior.
Oh, bad, bad, bad.
We're going to go in and fix that.
You can't be bad, bad.
But the United States has never cared
about morality.
The United States has never cared about
peace.
The United States doesn't care about what
political system you're under either,
whether it's fascist or socialist or
communist.
It doesn't matter.
And there are a thousand ways to prove
that.
It's just nothing but rhetoric.
So now that the United States has gone
morally bankrupt to forestall economic
bankruptcy,
we have the
chorus now trying to make it look like,
well,
that was really a moral thing to do.
Because Rubio says, well, Maduro,
he was not.
Boy, you got the Trump all caps down,
too.
That's really important that you get the
all caps down.
Otherwise, you're not speaking Trump,
right?
By the way, when I criticize Trump,
and I don't know what your politics may
have one time been, Kevin,
mine were too conservative to be a
republican uh the more I learned the more
I was a proponent of free enterprise and
personal responsibility uh and uh less
wealth redistribution well less
entitlements uh and there was always a
better way to accomplish taking care of
those who needed help than handing out
money uh and playing robin hood because
what I figured is that
that if you punish success which our tax
system does and you reward failure what
you're going to get is more failure and
less success and that is exactly what has
transpired so I’m I’m too conservative
being a republican so I’m not attacking a
trump uh from a libertard point of view
I've uh I have
not only studied economics,
but I have traveled around the world back
at a time when the Soviet Union existed
and long before China
became an economic powerhouse by free
enterprise.
And that is how China,
which is a communist government,
became economically viable,
is through enterprise zones and through
literally free enterprise.
Free enterprise is much more viable in
China than it has been in the United
States in the last hundred years.
So I know a lot about economics as
well.
And so while I'm anti-economics,
socialism, Marxism, fascism,
which is another side of the same coin
as socialism, the same beast.
The fact of the matter is I despise
Donald Trump for all things that he says.
He is a grossly immoral and dangerous liar
that according to the prophets is demon
possessed.
He is the...
He's the very presence of Satan on our
planet today.
He's the most dangerous man who has ever
lived.
He's going to do more harm to the
world and the United States than all
people combined.
And so if you are fanning the flames
of Donald Trump,
you are part of the problem.
You are advocating for the demise of the
world as we know it.
So in this particular case,
Secretary of State Marco Rubio
is, by the way,
which is kind of an interesting thing,
Marco Rubio is never involved in anything
anymore.
All he does now is whoop-de-doo.
Trumpy is great.
You know,
when they were trying to negotiate a deal
with Putin and Russia,
they didn't send Rubio.
All right.
Rubio has it isn't included in any
international deal.
No,
little Marco is drug out to to wave
the Trump flag at press conferences and
say, how great is Trump?
And then back in your corner,
little Marco.
Yeah, that's it.
That really is it.
Anyway,
so he is trying to say that we
didn't.
perpetrate regime change.
No, we wouldn't do that because this guy,
he was not the legitimate government.
He was a head of a narco cartel.
Let me kind of set that stage there
for you.
If you're looking for somebody who has
gone way beyond their constitutional
authority,
who won't leave office even if the voters
vote him out of office,
And who has no regard for the Constitution
at all.
Who is acting as a illegitimate thief.
And who is decidedly bankrupting a nation.
You could have conducted this raid without
closing Caribbean airspace and bombing
Venezuela.
They have bases in Washington, D.C.
Just go knock on the door of the
White House and you will get your man.
Never have to leave D.C., absolutely.
Yeah, you don't have to leave D.C.
If what you want is an illegitimate
government and a guy that's a con man
and a thief,
you'll find him in Washington, D.C.
You don't have to go that far.
But when Elon Musk posted his reply true
to this,
I have a real issue with Elon Musk.
He's a fellow, when I started, Kevin,
you probably remember, I know you do,
Rich,
because you saw me floundering on X
initially.
Not as badly as I'm floundering on X
now, but certainly was floundering.
You couldn't even get a blue check mark
and you had a legitimate account.
Oh, of course, yes.
Everything about X is screwed up and
horrible.
I'm the...
paving the way for the single most
ineffective account of all time with
thirty thousand posts.
And if Grok continues to manhandle those
who get to see my posts and whose
posts I get to see,
as has been the case this last two
months,
I'm going to have negative followers and
fifty thousand posts.
Got to have goals.
But I have goals, you know,
so that's what we're working towards on on
X,
which is the most useless worse of time
and the most disgusting cesspool on the
planet.
But so I'm writing this to my dear
friend Elton,
who at one time I respected because I've
been in business.
I know how difficult it is to build
a business, to take a business public,
to manage a business once you take it
public.
It's an exceedingly difficult thing to do.
If somebody wants to know about my
business background,
uh go to yadayah.com the bottom book uh
there is uh in the company it will
tell you everything you could ever want to
know about what it's like to start
businesses and to uh to take them public
and try to run them so I I
have a history of this and therefore I
know how difficult it is
So I admired Elton Musk for his ingenuity,
his inventiveness and his ability to
overcome the challenges to running a
business and spoke of that often.
And then he decided that he was going
to fund the election of Donald Trump and
not just fund it,
but he was going to be part of
the Trump administration and that he was
going to act like he was a three
year old child.
Little X was more mature in that
environment than was Elton.
And with his chainsaw and his jumping up
and down and his salutes and all this
manner,
and then his daily posts on what he
was uncovering with Doge when
He made all manner of accusations and
guess what?
Not a single indictment, not one.
And then he made all these claims as
to how many billions of dollars he was
gonna save, trillions of dollars,
didn't save a dime.
And it was all because he had no
clue what the US Constitution said and
that the President of the United States
doesn't have fiscal responsibility,
that is Congress.
And so I wrote him and said,
you know, I'm having ten letters.
on his platform, say, don't do this.
This is going to turn out really bad
for you.
First of all, you know,
you have Aspergers,
which means you have no sense of judgment.
And somebody that's a psychopath like
Donald Trump is going to eat you up
for lunch.
He's going to spit you out and you're
going to absolutely be played for a fool
by the Hannibal Lecter of politics.
So careful.
You're in really,
really difficult waters here.
Of course, it turned out exactly that way.
And now after Elton finally had enough of
Donald Trump and he he bails on him
and he says all sorts of true things
about him and then reneges on all of
them because, well, guess what?
Elton is dependent on him.
Government contracts.
GSA contracting.
Government paid contracts, man.
Without government paid contracts,
Tesla doesn't exist.
I think it's thirty eight billion that is
received from state and federal grants and
contracts and incentives and the like.
Thirty eight billion.
I mean, they finally ran out this year.
And guess what happened?
BYD ate Tesla's lunch.
Tesla is supposed to be this high
flying growth stock this price to two
hundred and fifty times earnings and
because it's going to the moon baby you
know how much Tesla grew this past year
no it shrunk nine percent in revenue wow
it is the only it's the first uh
uh stock uh that is considered a growth
stock in US history that is actually has
declining sales
And so he's he left his businesses to
play politician.
And what?
And then he got creamed.
His reputation was destroyed because he
acted like he acted like an absolute
idiot.
I mean, he doesn't have any judgment.
I don't know what it is other than
Asperger's is as a problem with empathy,
but he does not have judgment.
And
Because he has no judgment,
he's making it up as he goes along.
He was vilified around the world for the
idiocy of his association with Donald
Trump.
And he then turns on Trump.
Trump turns on him even more viciously.
And then he comes back like little brown
nose bootlicker and is praising Trump,
just as is the case here.
Yeah, well,
talking about funding the midterms, too.
I mean, you had a post earlier.
He's talking about he's doubling down.
He's funding midterms for Republicans.
It's like, oh, yeah,
because what he knows and and this is
exceedingly sad if if.
Elton Musk had not funded three hundred
million dollars for Donald Trump in this
last election.
As bad as Cackles was,
Vice President Kamala Harris,
which I call Cackles because of her
horrible laugh and being completely
unqualified to be a candidate.
If you're such a bad candidate,
you can't beat the worst man who has
ever lived.
You had a problem.
So he put three hundred million dollars
into the swing states and that combined
with what Qatar did.
Qatar told and financed the various Muslim
organizations like CARE in the United
States and told the Muslims to vote for
Trump.
Forget about the fact what Trump said as
as Trump forty five in his first term
where he was anti-Islam, if you recall.
Qatar and Saudi Arabia and United Arab
Emirates, they knew that they owned him,
that they had made deals with him and
he was susceptible to being bribed and
that they owned him.
like a shark to a killer whale.
We're all in this together.
And so it's maybe a rattlesnake to a
viper.
When Donald Trump became demon possessed,
the Qataris and other Muslim nations were
kindred spirits with him.
And so they told him to vote for
Trump because they knew that they owned
him and that he could be acquired.
We know of twenty billion dollars that has
been bribed, sent as bribe money to Trump.
But it's probably five times that because
of the deal that isn't published.
So they told him to vote for him.
So there's two things caused Trump to be
elected in those swing states.
Without it,
Trump's in jail and he's bankrupt.
And now so we're dealing with.
with Elton having brought this mess on the
world.
Without Elton,
Trump is not destroying the world.
And now he wants to double down because
the reality is Trump has violated so many
laws,
done so many things that are illegal,
that there is a hundred percent
probability
certainty is the term that they use for
that,
that if the Democrats win control of
Congress, Trump will be impeached.
Trump's been impeached before.
Impeaching doesn't necessarily mean
anything.
You have to be convicted.
You're convicted in the Senate,
which means they would also have to carry
the Senate.
If on these midterms in less than a
year's time,
If the Senate and the Congress go to
the Democrats,
Trump will be not only indicted,
but he will be convicted.
So now the issue with Elton,
because Elton hates with a passion what he
used to be.
He used to be a liberal,
but now he hates liberals because of one
issue.
He's one of these guys that's a one-issue
guy.
You know what his one issue was?
Mm-mm.
His son,
with all of the societal pressures and
media and influence and academia,
decided to become a daughter.
And he, for very good reasons,
he hates transgender-ism.
I mean, I'm opposed to transgender-ism too,
but it's mainly because I don't like
society influencing anyone that's under
the age of a of thirty.
Your brain isn't fully developed.
You're just not in a position to make
an intelligent decision,
but most certainly under eighteen and
probably under thirty.
And I don't like society sponsoring,
influencing the mutilation of a body.
Absolutely.
Of a very confused person.
And I've studied the numbers and it's a
little over fifty percent of those who are
transgender try to commit suicide.
Overwhelming preponderance are on
antidepressant drugs and psychiatric care.
And it is devastating to one's
outlook towards life,
so I'm also opposed to transgender-ism.
Well, as you know,
and I'm sure this probably rubs some
people that are close to me the wrong
way,
but I am not opposed to any form
of homosexuality or I don't care if you're
a lesbian or what you choose to do
privately.
I don't like it shoved down my face
and throat publicly,
and I don't like it presented as
homosexuality or
these kinds of things are normal because
they, you know- Or beneficial to, yeah,
absolutely.
Yeah, or beneficial,
it's less than two percent.
So it's not normal, it's not beneficial,
but I don't care what you choose to
do, but transgender is a different story.
So anyway, his son,
became a victim of that transgender
movement.
And he decided that he would fight them
tooth and nail.
And he bought X and became political to
oppose the liberals who he blames for
that.
And he's be correct in that.
But when you're a one agenda guy,
you got nothing.
And that's unfortunately what he has.
And he is now desperate.
He is doing everything he can to
rehabilitate his image.
He cannot rehabilitate it with liberals,
and he doesn't want to.
And they're the ones that would buy EV
cars.
He has destroyed Tesla and he is now
trying to do it,
burning his place back with the MAGAs.
And they're worse than the liberals.
I mean,
that is a completely immoral and bankrupt
group of people.
The Magas are just repulsive.
And so he's trying to endure himself with
them.
And so when he says this is true
and he is justifying what happened in
Venezuela, you just want to smack him.
And I mean that by a verbal smack,
not a physical smack.
We're not promoting violence here,
but a wake up call.
Absolutely.
Get out of politics.
You're crappy at it.
I mean, you're really,
really crappy at it.
Start running your businesses.
Elton, you've got no moral judgment.
Almost everything he's saying, like he is,
and this is my biggest issue with him
now,
he is the ultimate proponent of AI and
robotics.
Now,
he is a proponent of both because Tesla
is cratering.
And SpaceX has nowhere to go.
I mean, there's no future for SpaceX,
even though with a wonderful offer,
an IPO offering and as a trillion dollars,
we're never going to Mars and we're never
going to have a productive base on the
moon.
It makes no sense at all.
And and Mars is wholly inhospitable to
life.
So we're not doing either,
which means this all SpaceX really has
going forward is launching satellites,
which we appreciate because I think the
Internet connectivity through space
through Starlink is actually quite good.
Very nice.
Yeah.
But other than that,
he's got nothing and his businesses are
going to implode.
And AI and robots are capable by
themselves of destroying humankind.
I don't say this as a person who
has any fear because I've got none.
I mean, listen,
I've written five volumes and done ten
thousand interviews to excoriate Islam.
I'm the most outspoken person in the
world,
exposing and condemning Allah and Muhammad
based upon their own words.
And having done ten thousand radio shows
on that subject, I can assure you,
you have no fear.
But the fact of the matter is that
I am concerned for humanity because we
already have two generations that don't
think.
And a gender that is leaning strongly
towards we're way too emotional and not
nearly as thoughtful as they should be.
And least two generations,
Gen X and Gen Z,
who aren't thinking and have not thought
for a very long time and appear to
be now incapable of it.
And you're going to give them this
jaundiced tool that has no morality.
Called AI.
AI is not intelligent.
It is a filtering mechanism that is
programmed.
And if you ask it any question on
an issue that actually matters,
that you have to exercise some sense of
moral judgment to make an informed and
useful decision,
it's completely incapable.
And you can't teach it.
It won't learn.
It's incapable of growing a conscience.
A developed human conscience of one man is
infinitely superior to all of the data
farms and fast processors in the world.
And so I see AI as destroying the
last vestige of two generations and more
and more these days a gender's ability to
think rationally.
yeah technology has always been a crutch
for mankind because we are devolving as a
species um since I mean Dowd's time and
before it's it's pretty obvious that we as
we want to build ourselves up to look
what great things we do but as a
species we are devolving and and
technology is just a crutch
for us uh as we devolve more and
more um people people can't walk as far
as they used to because of they ride
bikes cars you know health wise we're
testosterone going down all these things
and then we add we take away the
one thing that we had going for us
a mental capacity and we we're taking that
away now through AI that we're not using
that tool and so it's going to atrophy
Yeah, there's another side of that,
which is that the robots that Elton Musk
is promoting,
they will take away the only other thing
that makes humans worthwhile,
and that's work.
The moment humans stop working,
they stop being of any value.
That's the reason why entitlements don't
work and they're counterproductive.
The moment humans stop making a
contribution, you stop working,
you are part of the problem, you're dying.
You're atrophying and you become a
parasite to society by not working.
And what is your purpose here?
Yeah, right.
And Gen Z does not work.
Gen Z is great.
Only job they want to do is to
be an influencer.
They do not make a contribution.
And so you've got an entitlement
generation.
And now you have this promise of robots
doing all the work.
So humans don't have to do any work
and AI doing all the thinking.
So humans don't have to do any thinking.
It's the utter death knell for humankind.
I'll give you an example of something that
you brought up with all of this computing
and we are less competent than we used
to be.
Fifty years ago, nineteen sixty nine,
we sent a Saturn five rocket to the
moon with three men aboard and that rocket
carried everything necessary on one launch
to orbit the moon,
land men on the moon.
return them back to a command module and
send that command module back to Earth.
We had sufficient fuel and engines to get
the speed necessary to leave Earth orbit
in gravity and the technology to enter
Earth's orbit.
our moon the moon's orbit and an
exceedingly sophisticated device called a
limb uh to then that was carried as
part of that same rocket to uh land
on the moon and it it the lunar
lander module the engine and its fuel and
all of that was left on the moon's
surface so that only the excursion vehicle
took off from there and then it
went back up with the capsule after the
capsule had jettisoned its rocketry so
that it could
make its way to the moon,
it had jettisoned that and it came back
to this capsule and then that was
jettisoned and they just came back with
the command capsule.
They shed unnecessary mass all along the
way and did it in one very sophisticated
machine.
And they did that, guess what,
without computers.
The guys that and the engineers and the
white shirts and a little tiny ties that
you see with and all of those movies
and all those depictions of it.
They were using slide rules, baby.
And the the computing capacity of the
entire space.
Saturn V project was less than I have
in my... I have a smart toaster oven.
It tells me good morning.
It tells me what time it is.
It sings a song when I put the
toast in.
I get to choose if it's frozen cold
or warm,
if it's a bagel or if it's a
waffle.
It is the smartest little toaster in the
world that I've got.
My wife hates it, by the way,
because it's finicky.
But, you know, I...
Can attest that smart people can be
finicky at times.
Anyway,
it has like a hundred times more computing
capacity than that whole program had.
But once about a time when we actually
had to use this and we could think
it through, we were pretty adept.
We could do really cool stuff like go
to the moon.
Guess what we can't do now?
All of advances in rocketry and fuels and
computing technology and AI and
electronics and, of course, computing.
We can't get back.
All we're going to do,
hopefully in a month or so,
is we're going to go and do an
orbit around the moon and come back.
See what's on the backside.
And nope, nothing changed there.
We can't get back.
Oh,
so just prove positive that we have
devolved in our thought process.
And that was where I was scolding Elton
Musk for and Secretary Marco Rubio as
well.
And we'll speak more of Ukraine here in
a moment.
Yeah, I just can't.
Go ahead.
Oh, I just can't believe that.
What happened in Venezuela with them
abducting a president of a foreign
country?
It blew my mind.
I said,
have we ever done anything like this
before?
I've never heard of this sort of thing.
Oh, no, no, yeah.
No, we've done a lot.
I was going to say that.
And Panama was a great example of that.
Exactly.
And to Iraq.
Why do you think we didn't?
And Libya.
Well, no, that's what we did in Syria.
I mean,
this is this is what we do.
This is the CIA since nineteen forty
eight, I think.
Well, in that range, right,
right in that period to today has
conducted just shy of one hundred regime
change operations.
Sure.
You know how many of those have been
successful?
No,
I measure success not in we killed the
guy or we abducted the guy,
but that we ended up with a better
result.
Like in Libya,
we killed the guy in Libya,
but now we have a terrorist state.
We killed the guy or we got the
guy to leave in Syria,
but now we have the Islamic State.
We found the guy buried in a hole
in Iraq, but we gave Iraq to Iran.
So I'm not talking...
I'm not talking about successful and that
did we manage to get rid of that
guy, but what's left.
And if you look at what's left of
those nearly a hundred regime change
operations,
the CIA has been successful in exactly
zero of them.
And this one, oh man,
we've got people in Venezuela that are
partying.
And I'm gonna tell you something, Matt,
you continue to party.
About this.
And and there are some that are partying,
celebrating the removal of Maduro because,
you know,
about half of Venezuelans hated him.
About half of Venezuelans loved him.
You just replaced him with the most
dastardly dictator the earth has ever
known.
And he just stole your future.
He stole your national resources.
He is now your dictator and he owns
you.
And if you're celebrating what he just did
to you, you are not very thoughtful.
Oh, by the way,
the temporary replacement government,
the woman they picked, she is a socialist.
Unbelievable.
Absolutely unbelievable.
Yeah.
You can't write this idiocy.
I mean,
if you were to write this in a
fiction novel,
you can't write this idiocy that we're
going to remove our so-called socialist
guy that we don't like.
But we like this woman that's willing to
give us the crude oil, I guess.
You know, there was a fellow,
I'm talking about smart fellows,
long before computing.
I think the smartest fellow who ever
lived,
and I've always described that designation
to our King Dowd,
but Dowd's a really smart guy,
but he did a couple of things that
you'd say, eh,
that wasn't really very thoughtful of him.
Actually,
I think the smartest man who ever lived
is a fellow named Yasha'yah.
He is known today as Isaiah.
And when Yahowah had a really complicated
notion that he wanted to communicate,
He always went to Yasha'yah.
Yasha'yah was his go-to guy for this is
complicated and it's going to take an
exceedingly thoughtful individual to
figure out even what I'm trying to
communicate to them through you.
He devoted an entire chapter to the
shenanigans of Donald Trump,
an entire chapter.
The seventeenth chapter leads into it and
sets the time,
but the eighteenth chapter of Yasha'yah
describes Donald Trump and his America.
And then the second smartest fellow who
ever lived, Dowd, the Messiah and King,
he, as Gabrielle,
In five fifty five BC
he met with Daniel,
along with a fellow that I sort of
like as well.
His best bud was there as well, Michael.
And they described Daniel.
Donald trump to a T I mean they
they said grotesquely immoral uh sexual
pervert uh ego maniacal uh bloodthirsty a
warmonger looking to uh to control the uh
the world with goodish comb over here and
a really old uh guy who by the
time all of this plays out is going
to be in a wheelchair they described him
really quite well so there's actually a
lot of information
on the horribleness of Donald Trump that
was written many thousands of years ago.
You're searching for something there,
Kevin.
Are we gonna be able to make progress
going down on the list here?
Nope.
Uh-oh, I think we have him.
No, he's not frozen.
He just can't hear us anymore.
I got you.
I think, I think.
Okay.
There, there we go.
All right.
Let's go.
Let's go to the next post.
If we could.
At this pace, we'll,
we'll get three done here.
Maybe.
Let's just go ahead.
Go on down.
Yeah, please.
Yeah,
there's this one on the website there.
We'll take a quick look at that.
I just want to remind people that there's
really an extraordinary experience at the
website called yadayah.com.
Yada means to know.
Ya is the familiar form of Yahowah's name.
On that website,
you're going to see something that you
normally don't see on websites,
and that is a vlog.
Every one of these images takes you...
to one of our either long form or
short form presentations,
this blog that we do multiple times a
day on Yahoo.
And normally you wouldn't see that on a
website because, well,
no website can afford the bandwidth to
store and provide access to long form
videos because they're enormous in terms
of their storage size.
But we figured out a way to allow
you to play these videos
while you remain on our site and listen
to them,
but they're actually playing from a
YouTube channel.
But you don't actually leave to the
YouTube channel,
but that's where they're playing,
even though you still stay on the site.
So that's pretty interesting.
And then we did something that no one
else has done,
which is that we capitalized on the
popularity of blogs.
X and Facebook, for example, are blogs,
where YouTube is principally a blog.
V versus a B. Video versus,
I don't know what the B stands for
in blog, but nonetheless, the bulletins,
I don't know, online of some sort.
But anyway,
the next section of our homepage is a...
a constant renewal day to day of what
we have been blogging about on X and
on Facebook and figured out a way to
post it on the website.
And then we have the links to the
I don't know what it is now,
but upwards of twenty social media
accounts and channels that
These programs, our live stream too,
is all there for your access.
We're just adding now an interactive
timeline on everything that's happened
from creation all the way through God's
ultimate conclusion when we return to the
Garden here in less than eight years from
now.
All of that is on this site,
along with a library of thirty five books,
twenty five thousand pages of translations
and research,
all presented to you in three different
ways.
You have flip-book,
which are really fun to use and to
read.
Very convenient.
You have PDFs if that's your preference.
And then we also have if you want
to go and buy paper,
if that's your thing, you know,
you want to carry around a brick.
You know, we have...
the books that are available to purchase.
They're royalty free,
but they're not free because, well,
we weren't able to cut a deal with
Amazon where they would print them and
ship them without recuperating their
costs.
But we could forego our own royalty,
which we did.
And so it's really a remarkable
opportunity in that regard.
And all of that's available on that
website.
And we're adding more to it every day.
So it is a remarkable website.
It's yadayah.com.
There is no donate to us button.
We're not asking you to contribute
anything.
We don't ask even for your identity.
It's all there as a resource for you
to use for free and do with it
as you wish.
So we only have very few restrictions.
Don't...
Don't steal from the material that we
present and pass it on as your own.
If you want to copy and paste sections
of the books to make a point,
then give credit to the source that you
took it from.
And you cannot
use anything that is here to perpetuate an
act of violence.
We want you to be smart and to
wield words wisely.
And you cannot use it to promote your
religion.
We are decidedly anti-religious.
Absolutely.
Yeah,
I think as much as the video presentations
and online media and everything is
fantastic for advertising,
the message and Yahowah.
To be covenant,
you're gonna have to read the books.
To really understand what y'all was
offering, the five terms and conditions,
the five benefits,
you're gonna need to dig in and read
books.
I mean, one hundred percent,
I've always said that,
and this is the best way.
This is the first volume of the first
of thirty-five books,
An Introduction to God.
There are three volumes in that series,
nine volumes in the Yada Yahowah series,
five volumes in the Observation series.
There are currently three volumes in the
Coming Home series,
which will soon be four.
There are three in the Babel series,
five in the series denouncing Christianity
and disproving the entirety of the
Christian New Testament,
including the very existence.
of a Jesus, and five like this.
This one is one of five volumes that
completely repudiates Islam,
and they're not exactly short.
They are eight hundred and twenty-five
pages apiece,
but it's the only way for you to
understand exactly what Islam is all about
and who Muhammad was.
And these books are written in a manner
that's irrefutable because they're
In the case of both the Twisty Entity
series and the Goddamn Religion series,
I based them entirely on comparing what
they claim their God said to what God
actually said.
Yeah,
use their own source text against them.
I use their own words against them.
So they are irrefutable.
Turkey really wants to get out of Turkey
recently, don't they?
They want to be in Gaza?
No.
Oh, yeah.
Erdogan, of course, has messianic dreams.
He wants to be the Messiah of the
Muslim world.
And the way that you become the Messiah
of the Muslim world is to destroy Israel.
And so his primary goal is to lead
a great jihad against Israel.
His primary purpose in siding with the
United States to overthrow Assad and do so
with the Islamic State,
because Jolani and the current government
of Syria is the Islamic State.
The United States created the Islamic
State as part of the awakening program
under General Petraeus in Iraq,
knowingly arming them with the mythology
that they would go after Al-Qaeda.
What he was really doing is he was
arming Sunni Muslims to kill Shia Muslims
because the Shia Muslims were more active
in killing American troops in Iraq than
were the Sunnis,
because the Sunnis were a minority.
And when the when the U.S.
dis-empowered the Sunnis under Saddam
Hussein,
it meant that the majority of Iraqis who
are by some sixty percent who are Shias
were now in power and the Shias
were all beholding to Iran and they were
especially vicious.
And so Petraeus and George Bush came up
with the harebrained notion that if we
give weapons to a Sunni militia,
they'll attack and kill the Sunnis.
But that armed group
under initially al-Baghdadi,
became the Islamic State.
And they went off and killed everybody.
I mean, they crucified people,
they tortured little girls, gang raped,
got involved in human trafficking,
the most vicious group of people ever.
And al-Jilani is a leader in the Islamic
State.
The United States and Turkey empowered his
takeover of Syria.
The United States had been working on this
from way before the Syrian war began,
way before the Iraq invasion.
And in the United States,
motivation was singular.
The CIA was tasked with the responsibility
of removing Assad so that they could
replace regime change, the Assad regime,
with a regime that would be buying
American weapons rather than Russian
weapons.
That was their whole purpose.
And they cobbled together all manner of
terrorist organizations to attack Assad.
The United States loves to fight wars via
proxy.
In fact, the United States,
under Jimmy Carter and Zygmunt Brzezinski,
actually hired the Taliban to fight the
Russians as a proxy war.
immoral we are in terms of who we
will use to fight our battles.
And the result was now the Islamic State
is over Syria.
They are mostly beholding to the Turks
because that lightning takeover of Syria
was conducted with them in
Turkish NATO vehicles,
Turkish NATO weapons,
Turkish NATO uniforms.
It was all done with the United States
enabling Turkey to have the Islamic State
take over that country.
And then, of course,
Trump met with him on his first field
trip and put his arm around him and
says, oh, handsome man,
really attractive guy, strong guy,
fighter.
Oh, yeah.
Strong history.
Gave him a bottle of cologne when he
was in the White House and kidding around
with him.
No, this guy is a human trafficker.
He is a mass murdering rapist thug.
And now these thugs are going to be.
used in conjunction with the Turkish
military.
And the Turkish military is really the
most formidable against Israel because
it's equipped with all NATO weapons.
They have a lot of Russian weapons as
well.
And it'll be interesting because at this
point,
Turkey as a NATO nation just signed the
largest weapons deal ever of a NATO nation
with Russia.
So it's going to be interesting to see
how that all plays out in the near
future.
So we eliminated Russia's involvement in
Syria, turned it into a terrorist state,
and then turned Turkey into a NATO nation
that is buying Russian weapons.
The CIA doesn't manage things very well.
Now, collectively,
their goal is the great jihad.
And the prophet spoke of this.
It's going to occur on the ninth of
June.
The ninth of June,
twenty twenty six will be Al-Aqsa Flood two
point out.
It's when it will be fought and Muslims
are going to come into Israel,
not not four thousand of them as occurred.
And and their tennis shoes and and garden
utensils,
as was for the most part on October
seventh,
although some had assault weapons are
still, by the way,
fifty thousand assault weapons,
Kalashnikovs primarily.
AK-Forty-Sevens in Gaza.
So Israel certainly did not disarm Hamas,
as we predicted.
But this time,
it's not just going to come in from
Gaza with fifty thousand assault rifles.
It's not just going to come in
from the West Bank, Judea and Samaria.
The primary force is actually going to
come in from Turkey and through Syria,
and then from Egypt and Gaza.
because the prophet said there's going to
be a fake Estonian state carved out of
Israel,
a state of terror that's going to be
imposed over the next six months.
What we're going to see is the most
carnage on Al-Aqsa Flood,
two point O is going to come from
inside out.
So these will be Islamic jihadists tearing
Israel apart from the inside out all while
Islamic nations lob all manner of
ballistic missiles and drones at Israel
and at the cities.
The smaller communities are going to be
attacked by Turkey and Egypt and other
nations.
all around Israel,
along with upwards of a million jihadists.
So this is what Israel's future is going
to be.
And there's nothing that Israel can do
about it.
How effective was with,
now they were given,
they actually had copies of the plan of
Al-Aqsa Flood.
The IDF had the copy as did the
Shin Bet and the Mossad months in advance.
They witnessed all the preparation work
videoed of this occurring.
And they actually got notices from
surrounding Islamic countries saying this
is going to occur.
So they had all the prior notice it's
going to occur,
just like I'm providing them with the
exact date Al-Aqsa Flood two point 0 is
going to occur and the size of it
and who's going to participate.
So with all of that foreknowledge,
how well did the IDF do in forestalling
Al-Aqsa Flood on October seven?
Twelve hours response time.
And even at twelve hours,
they didn't do much, did they?
No.
And in fact,
Al-Aqsa Flood played out like the Chinese
water torture.
The first jihads, you know,
maybe fifteen hundred of them came through
the fence that they tore to ribbons that
was supposed to be a security fence that
when you touched it,
the bells and alarms would go off
everywhere.
But obviously they didn't.
And they, you know, just using
Cat and I and bulldozers just drove right
through it and they walked right through.
And they literally walked,
literally walked into these communities
beginning at six o'clock in the morning.
And that was the first phase.
The second phase came in around ten,
eleven o'clock in the morning with no one
stopping them.
And they began to haul captives back at
that time.
The third phase came in at like two
o'clock in the afternoon.
Three phases,
and they didn't respond to the first
phase, the second phase, the third phase,
and they didn't do anything to keep Hamas
from bringing,
and I shouldn't be saying Hamas because
Hamas was the minority of the Muslims that
perpetrated October seventh.
It was mostly just jihadi Muslims from
Gaza.
They did nothing to preclude these Muslims
from hauling captives back into Gaza.
All of this could have been,
prevent it.
And they didn't do any of it.
And they couldn't even get their act
together to document the carnage.
And now after it's all said and done,
they have no plan to stop it from
occurring again.
They're out buying more F-Fifteens and
F-Thirty-Fives and future tankers and
attacking...
Libya, not attacking Libya,
attacking Lebanon, attacking Syria,
attacking Yemen, attacking Iran.
No,
this is not what's going to happen to
you.
The prophets actually told you how this
battle was going to unfold.
Oh,
Yasha'yah says there's not going to be enough
bullets.
There's going to be so many of them,
there won't be enough projectiles.
They're going to be just like a black
tsunami coming across the hills.
And so...
f-thirty-fives are going to do you as much
good as the f-thirty-fives did on um on
ten seven as much good as the tanks
did on ten seven as much good as
the Apache helicopters did on ten seven as
much good as they uh as the iron
dome did on ten seven yeah which were
all completely and totally useless all
those uh
as effective as the Shin Bet and Mossad
were on ten-seven.
So this is what's going to happen, Israel.
You've been forewarned.
The prophets told you about this three
thousand years ago,
and you seem to be oblivious to it.
So what they've told you is that it's
going to be worse than the Holocaust and
that two out of every three Jews are
going to die.
Now, by the way,
if you're anti-Semitic and say, well,
I don't care, you know,
I went out to dinner with somebody the
other day that said, oh, good.
But the only time I've ever come close
to being violent.
I was going to say.
Oh, man.
If words could kill,
that would have been a dead person at
the moment.
But I did just use words.
But the fact is that the whole world
is going to fall apart.
And this is going to begin.
I think we're one hundred and thirty eight
days away.
Away from the beginning of the time of
Israel's troubles.
We have a top down timer on the
timeline.
One hundred and thirty eight days,
I believe,
is the time it's going to last seven
years and four months.
One hundred and thirty seven days,
twenty three hours,
twenty nine minutes and thirty five
seconds.
OK, well, from this very moment,
this is the last year.
So I was just looking at that.
Mark your calendars.
Or go to yada yada dot com and
look at the calendar.
Yeah, frequently.
What do you got there next, Kevin?
Venus.
A magical two hours on Venus.
yes and that was the only one that
survived long to take a picture uh really
I I show this is that again you
have the Elon musk types that are saying
we're going to be a multi-planetary
species and it'll be okay but we destroyed
this planet uh you know who cares what
trump does to this planet I’m going to
take you to a new plan maybe maybe
that's part of his mindset is that if
he keeps trump in office he'll destroy
this planet and the only option will be
to go to uh to mars but
Imagine what he could sell a ticket to
to Mars if the entire Earth was
radioactive.
Not thinking the fact that he wouldn't
have the money to launch and couldn't
launch a rocket to Mars if the Earth
was radioactive.
But we went way too far ahead of
where his thinking is.
But this is the reality.
The Earth was created as a protective and
sheltered environment conducive to life.
And there are a thousand things that are
ideally calibrated on this planet for life
to exist.
And we have found no place else in
the universe where those things also
exist.
And even if you found a place where
ten of a thousand existed,
life still is impossible.
And even if it were,
you can't get there.
How do I get there?
You just can't get there.
The distances are way too great.
And so here's Venus.
It's our closest neighbor along with Mars
and a metal titanium spacecraft that is
perfectly suited to high temperatures and
caustic atmospheres and exceedingly high
pressures.
Lands on Venus and has the wherewithal to
be able to shoot one picture.
And that's a machine.
So I'm here to tell you,
if you want to get off of this
planet alive, you only have one option.
And that one option is with Yahowah,
because his whole approach is that he is
taking these physical bodies of ours.
That was the problem with that machine.
No physical entity can survive the
onslaught of this universe.
It's way too toxic.
until we are rid of our physical body,
something that no Christian will
understand because they think that bodily
resurrection is a good thing.
It's just unbelievably stupid.
And Muslims are even dumber.
They think that they go off and kill
people,
that they're going to have a perpetual
body to screw perpetual virgins.
And that'll be grand fun for them.
I'm here to tell you, no, no,
that is not going to happen.
And Yahowah's story is,
I'm going to tell you about fire.
I'm going to present myself as fire.
I'm going to tell you to approach the
fire during the Mowed Miqraey because fire is
transformative.
It turns physical organic material that is
decaying into radiant energy and light.
And when your soul is enveloped in radiant
energy and light,
you can go to a place like that
and check it out.
And you can go and visit any one
of the two to ten trillion places
galaxies that are sprinkled around the
universe and any one of their hundred to
four hundred billion stars.
They say there's some galaxies with a
trillion stars.
You can go visit all of them,
but you can't do it apart from your
soul being encapsulated in light.
And that's not going to occur unless you
are doing what
Kevin just suggested you need to start
reading these books because it's the only
way for you to actually become a member
of the covenant.
All right.
Bye, Venus.
See you in another day.
Maybe eight years from now we'll go visit.
It's pretty warm there, I'll tell you.
You want to take your SPF like ten
million.
Ten million?
Wasn't this a Russian patient?
It's actually not a sun thing because the
atmosphere is so thick that the pressures
are enormous and the greenhouse effect is
catastrophic.
What you have is...
is very little light to the except you
know the amount that just gradually
filters through all of that enormous
atmosphere to create that tremendous heat
but you know it has I think it
has a magnetic field and uh and so
and it has an atmosphere so it's able
to shelter you from cosmic rays which mars
can't do or the moon can't do so
in a way it's safer than either one
of those two
Yeah, it's just an interesting picture.
This is not one of the best of
them.
We have far better than this.
But reality is,
and Yahowah's made this abundantly clear,
the books of YadaYah are free at
YadaYah.com.
are the Tree of Knowledge.
This has been his plan for now,
six thousand years,
is to have the Tree of Knowledge evolve
through his Choter and become these very
books called the Yada Yahowah series.
So this is what is being conveyed in
that image.
Yeah,
it's their latest and greatest of dough.
That's not my favorite.
It's just not regal enough in that
particular case.
Well,
I've got his back and that's what I
was going to say.
I do have his back, I like that.
But the fact is that our returning King
and Messiah is going to be hugely more
charismatic and powerful and exemplary.
He looks like a good buddy that you'd
go off and
have a meal with in that picture,
and he will be a good buddy and
will do that.
But I think that Doe is going to
be a lot more imposing.
He's certainly earned the right.
He is by nature of his personality and
his experience.
So I just see him as a bit
more imposing than that.
Yeah,
I always have a tough time trying to
do these pictures and everything because
do you get the sixty-year-old Dowd or the
thirty-year-old Dowd?
Because the personality, the Neshamah,
the Nepesh are the same,
but the experience is different.
Yeah,
go ahead and play that so people can
see what we're talking about here.
See, the way he's walking there, I mean...
I just, I see him as more regal.
And I certainly understand the need to
recognize that Yahowah is approachable,
and therefore the one that Yahowah chose
will also be approachable,
and this man is approachable.
And we're trying to convey the appearance
of someone that we've only seen through
words.
But I want our listeners to have an
appreciation for this.
The man that it says,
Dowd is the one.
This man is God's chosen.
This man is the exemplar of all that
God is trying to achieve through his
covenant relationship.
This man is the one and only savior
of the world.
He is the one who fulfilled peace.
This man chose to be crucified.
on Pesach in thirty-three CE.
It wasn't Jesus.
Jesus never existed.
This is the man who was crucified,
and by his own choice,
and he came back in his second of
thirty-three lives.
This is the man who had the fortitude
to take our guilt and deposit it in
hell, in Sheowl.
So you're looking at a guy who had
the character and fortitude
to take a trip into hell so that
we could be rendered not guilty before
God.
This is God's firstborn son.
This is the man that God said,
he is my son and I am his
father.
This is the man that God says,
I enabled all of the benefits of the
covenant through this man.
God said of this man,
he is the one I chose to work
with.
He said of this man,
I myself anointed him Messiah.
he is returning as king.
He will be as king of every place
of all time, for all generations, forever.
This is the man who he said his
seat of honor is gonna be as brilliant
as the sun.
This is the man that God not only
said is the greater luminary,
not only said is the tree of lives,
not only called the Passover lamb,
the sacrificial lamb,
the Zarowa and our shepherd.
This is a man that God gave the
single greatest distinction that anyone
could ever be afforded.
God says specifically of this man, Dowd,
that he is Elyown.
Elyown means all things pursuant to the
influence of God.
It's translated almost universally as
almighty God, Elyown.
God says specifically,
that man right there, he is Elyown.
And it...
I know that it's difficult and I have
no artistic ability whatsoever and so that
makes me a critic uh but there isn't
enough Elyown there for uh for my personal
preference right and my job is to herald
his message and to represent him that's
the reason why the moon has his back
I’m the lesser luminary in this story and
as the tree of knowledge my job is
to write about him and to tell people
about him and my view of him is
that
Well, I and that still shot there.
I see it in his eyes and his
fortitude.
I just like him.
I'd like him to be a little more.
I mean, when I come back,
when I come back,
I'm going to be at least six, four.
So he's got to be like six.
You guys keep saying that you need an
improvement.
I think that nothing we could do,
every artistic representation would pale
in comparison to the real thing.
I don't think that we could imagine El
Yon walking.
No,
but I think that I would put him
in a bit more regal gate and a
bit more regal apparel.
While he, in his private time,
can be as comfy as he wants to
be,
when he appears regally and is walking
towards us,
he's going to be dressed regally.
This is coming from the guy that's wearing
the Hawaiian shirts that Yasha'yah says.
That's right.
I said I have no artistic,
I have no style of my own.
Okay.
Actually,
what I am is observant and judgmental.
Both things goes with the territory is to
be observant and to be judgmental.
And so I was really going to take
a different approach to these programs for
about fifteen minutes until God told me
not to.
And then I read in Yasha'yah,
Yasha'yah is very clear.
It says the man from Edom is dressed
appropriately.
And so the reason that I dress in
wild and crazy shirts and so casually to
do these shows,
is that I am personally very uncomfortable
with the position that you always put me
in.
There are upwards of a thousand prophecies
about this role.
And God says some amazing things about
what I've been tasked with doing.
I want to show in all of my
mannerisms to the greatest extent possible
that I'm doing the job that I was
asked to do.
This is not something that I solicited and
I am not holding it over anyone.
I am actually serving you.
I'm trying to help you understand what
I've come to know about this man and
his father.
And I think that the more,
the more dressed like that I am,
the more casually I appear,
the easier that job is to do with
the focus being where it belongs,
which is on him and his father.
So that's why I continue to appear this
way.
And if you're going to work this hard
for this long,
you might as well be comfortable.
I've been doing this now for twenty...
Mark Warren, Four and a half years,
tend to hours a day yesterday was.
Mark Warren,
I’m seven years old and still working
upwards of.
Mark Warren, A week at at this.
Mark Warren, So.
It's a long time to have been devoted
to this.
It's well over a hundred thousand hours.
And writing these thirty-five books,
doing tens of thousands of radio programs,
and trying to share what I have come
to know,
which is more about God than anyone else
has ever known.
So it is a big task.
And the first thing that
Yahowah, God's one and only name,
impressed upon me when we first met.
And when we first met,
I did not know him.
I had previously been political.
I had previously been religious.
I had eschewed both of those things before
our meeting.
I was no longer political.
I was no longer religious when he
introduced himself.
I had gone to an agnostic.
And, of course, I'm not an agnostic now.
We have a great relationship.
But the thing that he imposed pressed upon
me, I should say, really,
in our first meeting.
is that he is approachable he wants us
to be comfortable in his presence we can
negotiate with him we can kid with him
uh we can uh uh try to match
wits with him matching wits with him turns
out to work out for a good laugh
but uh you know even a whole lot
smarter but he's very sarcastic funny um
but god the last thing god wants is
for the religious mindset of being humble
and uh and timid uh
worshiping, being afraid, and his image.
He wants those he works with and his
children to be so comfortable in his
presence that we could be bare-ass naked
and we would still be wearing a big
smile.
And that is his view of things.
All right,
so this is so funny because we're claiming
that, well, you know,
a socialist destroyed...
Venezuela.
And so we had to replace that damn
socialist.
No socialist on our territory.
I have one meme that has him cleaning
off the hammer and sickles from Latin
America.
Well,
the fact of the matter is she's a
socialist.
And the fact of the matter is that
socialism had nothing to do with the
impoverishment of Venezuela.
Venezuela was impoverished because the
United States sanctioned it and we
sanctioned Venezuela because Venezuela had
the audacity to say, you know,
we should be able to form international
relationships with whomever we want.
We should be able to do trade with
whomever we want.
We should be able to sell goods and
whatever currency we want to sell goods.
The United States says, no, you can't.
The world's ours.
You can only use the dollar no matter
how destructive we are and how much we
weaponize the dollar or how much we
destroy the value of the dollar.
You can only trade in dollars and you
can only sell through our system and you
are a vassal of us and have to
do what we say or else we will
destroy you.
And so we put sanctions on Venezuela,
caused thousands of people to die,
and we never took responsibility for our
sanctions.
But that's what destroyed Venezuela
because we failed twice in regime change.
And so going back to the Obama
administration,
we responded in our normal way as immoral
thugs saying you have no rights to your
life or your country.
It's ours and you will behave as we
want you to behave or we will punish
you.
We will starve you.
And this is just another example of why
it's just all a pile of lies.
Everything that the Magas and the
Trumpites are saying regarding Venezuela
is untrue.
We went into Venezuela for a singular
reason.
And that is the United States is bankrupt
and we can't get anyone to buy our
bonds.
The two largest purchaser of bonds,
three largest to four large,
if you want to look down the line,
the largest was China.
China is a massive seller of bonds now.
down below eight hundred billion and have
come up with eight trillion of non-dollar
denominated assets to go to economic war
with the United States.
As a matter of fact,
that war with the United States,
all Chinese government controlled entities
will completely divest themselves of all
U.S.
holdings and all dollar holdings by the
end of this year.
And
And China now has a eight trillion dollar
reserve outside of dollars to destroy the
U.S.
economically.
We probably will not survive the end of
this year.
We buy America.
I'm an ex-patriot.
And so with our deficit at thirty eight
trillion,
and that's just the actual debt for the
feds, not including the states,
which would take it up to forty two
trillion.
And that's not the unfunded mandates of
Social Security and Medicare,
which are Ponzi schemes,
which would take it up into the hundred
trillion level.
Even at thirty eight,
it's one hundred and thirty percent of
GDP.
there isn't there is no way to resolve
that I mean no it's not fixable uh
it's not payable it's not fundable it's
not fixable under any circumstances and
then the united states uh cut out its
own heart uh so we did the Aztec
thing you know you cut out the uh
the heart of your sacrificial victim we
did it to ourselves which is fairly hard
to do but we managed to do it
uh
What we did is we proved that dollars,
which we had always promoted as that's
your safest investment and because we had
SWIFT that the trading mechanism and that
the dollar was bonds were ultimately safe,
even if we paid you jack shit for
interest, they were safe.
Well, we stole.
Three hundred billion dollars worth of
sovereign wealth from Russia.
And once we did that, it was over.
The whole world looked at us and said,
no, the United States cannot be trusted.
The dollar investment is not safe.
And Saudi Arabia is all but bricks now
and is selling oil in any denomination
that they feel like.
uh and they are switching their wealth
into gold and tangible assets and out of
dollars Europe’s doing the same thing
japan was the second largest holder
currently is I think the largest they are
dumping
treasuries at an alarming rate,
and so is China.
And China was the largest and now is
dumping treasuries at an alarming rate,
which means that there's only one way for
America to create the illusion of
solvency, because we are bankrupt.
We can't get anyone to fund our debt.
And the only way that you can resolve
that is to prolong the illusion by
maintaining the petrodollar concept to the
greatest degree you can,
which is why we invaded Venezuela,
pure and simple.
Venezuela signed the largest trade deal
with China,
and it was being settled in the yuan,
not in the dollar.
And the reason the United States has to
have the petrodollar is that what we did
is that we made it necessary as a
reserve currency to have every country buy
treasuries and have dollar reserves
because every country needed oil energy.
And the only way to buy it with
the petrodollar scheme was in dollars.
So you had to have a dollar reserve
to be able to buy oil.
What we failed to do is to recognize
that just because we could,
that means that the Treasury or the
Federal Reserve could print all manner of
money.
And they're actually not printing it.
They just create illusion of money through
quantitative easing.
And normally,
what that would do is create
hyperinflation when you're creating large
amounts of money out of nothing for no
reason.
And if you look at my lifetime,
I'm seven thousand years old,
seventy years old.
But since nineteen fifty five to today,
the value of the dollar has declined by
ninety nine percent.
So it's ninety nine percent of what people
have owned and the like with their dollar
has been destroyed by their government,
creating
excess currency.
Now,
inflation is not the value of products
going up.
It's the value of the dollar going down.
And so the nations printed their way out
of it.
The Wehrmacht Republic in Germany was a
great example of this.
At wheelbarrows, Argentina,
similar situation.
It happened in Great Britain just prior to
the last World War.
The dollar is
being used because nations have to buy
large amounts of it so that there is
a shock absorber.
And so rather than just creating
astronomical inflation,
that tendency of printing money to devalue
its status was absorbed by the fact that
nations had to buy it as a reserve
currency through the petrodollar.
So we had the greatest gimmick of all
for about thirty years, forty years,
where the US could go off and buy
tangible goods,
electronics and food and all manner of
things with
Funny money.
We didn't have to work for it.
We just give them funny money and they
gave us stuff.
Well,
what happened was that funny money became
debt and now requires interest and the
service, and we can't service it,
nor can we find anybody to buy our
funny money.
And because of what we did to Russia,
an award that the US started,
NATO and the US started that war against
Russia.
It's not Russian aggression.
You're just being lied to.
CIA is the Department of Propaganda.
Now people are selling it and we can't
fund the debt.
So the only thing we can do now
is to print money,
but without anyone buying it.
It's called quantitative easing.
And when that happens,
you get hyperinflation.
And so they're going to play that game
for as long as they can.
They're going to create the illusion of
the petrodollar,
which is why we invaded Venezuela.
It had nothing to do with narco-terrorism.
Venezuela doesn't even supply five percent
of America's drugs.
And it's not the supplier's fault that
America has a drug problem.
And it's not socialism.
This woman is a socialist,
so it wasn't socialism.
It had nothing to do with anything.
It wasn't a man acting like a dictator
because that's two-thirds of the world,
including all the people we buy oil from
in the Islamic Middle East.
uh and we are our largest uh per
the country we buy the most from uh
uh is china and guess what they are
run by a dictator so it had nothing
to do with that and nothing to do
with the anything other than to prolong
the the petrodollar we have another issue
that also is pertinent for Venezuela and
that is that um
U.S.
refineries in Texas along the Gulf Coast,
which is where we have most of our
productive refineries now because some may
have been shut down elsewhere,
particularly in California.
So they're Texas-based and along the Gulf
Coast.
They've been designed to run on heavy,
thick crude.
And they but Texas now and our fracking
wells are producing light crude.
And I say, well,
like better and less work to refine it.
Yeah, it is.
Except our refineries blow up.
If you put the light crude in them,
they they need to run on thick,
heavy crude.
And the world's dominant source of thick
crude is from Venezuela.
And so it's the only way that our
refineries operate.
It is through heavy,
thick crude that you create two forms of
fuel that are essential to our world as
we know it.
One of them is jet hay.
The airplanes will stop flying.
And the other is diesel fuel,
which powers all the boats,
powers all the trucks.
America is a, and also the trains,
but America is dependent on everything
being delivered by truck.
A company like Amazon, well,
they don't deliver anything.
Your market that has all that food on
the shelf can't deliver anything.
What do the tractors run on there,
big guy?
Oh, they're all diesel.
Everything on my farm is diesel.
Yeah,
you're not creating diesel out of
sweet-like fruit.
You need the Venezuelan-type crude in.
We were getting to the point where the
refineries in Texas along the Gulf Coast
were saying by February, we're done.
If you don't find us a source,
we're done.
We have to shut them down.
You shut them down.
We're not getting back started again.
I happen to live on an island where
Hess built a magnificent refinery.
They shut it down.
And even with five billion dollars from
Hess and the Chinese government,
they couldn't get it running again.
So when you shut them down, it's done.
And when you shut them down,
you've got no logistics,
which means you have no food on the
shelves,
means you have no delivery service.
You have no truck to move in anything
anywhere.
You have no airplanes flying.
And we were headed to that world here
within two months time.
Now,
the problem we have is that we were
a little reckless in Venezuela.
We did some damage to that port and
we did some damage to some of the
energy sector and some of the people that
didn't like us stealing it did damage to
it.
And because we put them under sanctions,
it hasn't been maintained all that well.
And so it may be difficult even extracting
it for Venezuela for a while.
And if it turns out to be that
way,
then the U.S.
is going to crater sooner than what I'm
saying.
What I'm saying is that based upon what
we have done to anger China,
because China was the largest customer of
Venezuela,
based upon all we've done to anger China
and the fact that we're so belligerent
towards China wanting to run war games
against them,
and that Trump tried to tariff them and
sanction them and do all manner of things
to them.
China's headed up to here with the United
States.
They're tired of us.
And they're in a position to destroy us
economically.
And it's just a matter of time now.
It's not if it's going to happen.
It's not what's going to happen.
It's when it's going to happen.
And to be defeated economically is far
worse than being defeated militarily.
And it is now an absolute certainty.
I had forecasted for the end of this
year,
but it could be moved up in time
because of this pandemic.
problem with the crew,
but that's why Donald Trump and company
invaded Venezuela.
And it would have been so much easier
to stop the sanctions in Venezuela a long
time ago.
China would have had no reason to go
in, just treat the people decently,
pay a fair price for the oil,
and off we go.
We didn't have to be jerks about it.
That's what we are.
And try to take care of everything
yourself now.
If you're
Kirk always tell the story about
reconstruction in the Civil War,
and how that the sorry,
once they got they were paying the Chinese
and people to come in and rebuild the
railroads and everything they're like why
did we ever do slavery it's it's so
much cheaper to pay these people their
labor and to come in to rebuild everything
that it is to maintain the slavery system
and so yeah Venezuela is much the same
way if you would just play nice and
Let them do it.
In my view,
they the whole time is that there was
the slavery is stupid.
I'm treating people decently.
And paying them to do a job and
then having them the responsibility of
building their homes and feeding their
families and that sort of thing is a
much better scenario than trying to
deprive people of their liberty to extract
labor from them and to have to have
the whole infrastructure of keeping them
controlled and enslaved.
It's not only slavery immoral.
But it is a horribly ineffective system.
But sadly, Kevin,
if you look at world history,
every civilization had slaves, everyone.
And the worst happened to be Sparta.
And Sparta is the world's only successful
expression of democracy on a country basis
because we like to tout Greece as the
birthplace of a democracy,
but democracy only existed in Greece.
It was an oligarchy, not a democracy,
but it was only in the city-state of
Athens.
And yet with Sparta, it was longer lived.
It was the entire region,
the nation of the kingdom of Sparta.
And it was the most belligerent caste
system and slave economy ever.
In Sparta, women were nothing other than
warrior manufacturing facilities,
kind of like they are in Islam.
And if you were a boy,
that wasn't any better because you were
treated like dirt.
You were kicked, you were abused,
you were treated so bad that what they
wanted you to do is to get the
wherewithal to fight back and survive.
And so boys were treated,
thrown out in the cold and the mud
and underfed,
just abused in every which way.
And their entire lives were revolved
around fighting and killing.
And they used this militant mindset to
enslave everybody around them.
And the people around them were enslaved
to produce all of the domestic labor,
while women
built future factories for more warriors,
and every male child became a soldier.
And that was the most consistent
expression of democracy,
oligarchy the world has ever known.
So when we talk about it,
how glorious it is, no, it's not.
No, it just isn't.
You ought to do your homework and you'd
find out that it isn't.
And unfortunately,
the way it's played out today,
democracy is really no more than two
wolves and a lamb deciding what's for
dinner.
Right.
You know,
the founding fathers of America hated
democracy.
They spoke vehemently against it.
Democracy is not a good thing.
People pretend it is.
They won't even pretend there's a thing
called a social democracy,
as in socialism,
which is to deprive you of all rights,
where the government has all rights and
people have none.
They want to pretend like, well,
that's a socialist republic or socialist
democracy or liberal democracy,
they want to call it.
I'm sorry, you're
fooling yourself.
What do we have next there, Kevin,
after we go through our little socialist?
But she's pink.
She's wearing pink,
so she must be a cute socialist.
Okay.
So what did Mandani say?
That it's out with the harsh nature of
free enterprise or capitalism,
and it's in with the warm glow and
warm comfort of socialism.
Yeah.
When was the last time we played the
warmth of collectivism?
Comfy collectivism.
Warmth and comfy socialism.
When was the last time we played that
game?
Wasn't it back in the nineteen thirties
and nineteen forties?
And we have a fellow named Lenin.
Well, he was in the twenties,
but Lenin and then Stalin and then Mao
Zedong and Adolf Hitler and Mussolini.
They were all socialists, weren't they?
Collectivism, man.
The warmth of collectivism.
That's what they pursued.
Yeah,
they managed to starve and freeze and just
outright murder about a hundred million
people.
So you can't be very smart if that's
what you're proposing.
And the majority of Democrats or majority
of New Yorkers voted for this idiot.
So welcome to your reality.
All right.
Yeah, enjoy the warmth of it.
Yeah, this is just amazing to me.
Donald Trump shut down Caribbean airspace.
And by the way,
he doesn't own the Caribbean.
No,
the United States does not own the
Caribbean.
It has no right to shut down the
Caribbean airspace, but he did.
Why do it to extract one guy and
his wife and you're going to shut down
the Caribbean airspace.
What in the world are you thinking?
It doesn't do it thinking.
I don't give a crap.
Yeah.
I'm not there.
I'm not being inconvenienced.
So who cares about all these people having
to spend the night or two nights in
an airport and have be unable to go
and old people and the like.
Who cares?
I'm Donald Trump.
I can do whatever I want.
But yeah.
Yeah.
Only if you're in for my vacation.
You were in the air.
You were turned around and you had to
come back.
We closed the airspace to land in any
island here in the Caribbean.
Unbelievable.
I don't.
Is it over now?
We totally control Venezuela,
so we're not bombing the narco boats
anymore.
We're not chasing their oil tankers and
pirating them anymore.
Is it over?
Well, no.
Well, we control,
according to Donald Trump,
that he is in charge of Venezuela.
Venezuela now is a personal property of
Donald J. Trump.
So, yeah,
he's going to decide what happens in
Donald.
He said they stole our oil, man.
So I guess he's going to have to
go find the oil that they stole.
from from uh from us whoever us is
but yet Donald trump is now the de
facto uh dictator of Venezuela and will be
for um for as long I guess as
the uh as china and Russia allows it
hello yeah
Nicer tunnels.
Yeah, my response here,
you can actually play this.
This is a movie here.
But my response to this is, you see,
this is a tunnel underground between
buildings, isn't it?
And the DEA, so this is,
I would assume, is in New York,
underground in a tunnel.
Okay.
My only response is so that, well,
at least in the United States,
the tunnels are much nicer than they were
with Hamas in Gaza.
Carpet, air conditioning.
Yeah.
See, nice lighting.
But what's the difference between the
Hamas taking Israeli citizens and bringing
them into the harsh tunnels of Gaza and
the United States kidnapping a man and his
wife and bringing them into the tunnels
beneath New York,
except for the tunnels in New York are
a little nicer.
Yeah, kidnapping is still kidnapping.
It is.
That's what it is.
It's kidnapping.
It used to be a crime.
So did piracy.
Yeah, so did piracy.
Piracy was also a crime, but not anymore.
So was thievery.
So was bribery, but not anymore.
Unless you're an enemy of the people that
are doing it.
I have a pet peeve.
We began this program talking about my pet
peeve.
I'm not a fan of A.I.
I'm not a fan of robots,
although this looks like maybe a little
bit more dated version.
That's a Rosie the robot.
That's a robot there.
But we have a very capable and disciplined
thinker, Perry,
who is programming his bot.
And he has got a whole system for
programming his bots such that AI is
actually going to deliver appropriate
answers for those seeking to know God.
And what he did is he came up
with a formula of redefining what is
viewed inappropriately as religious
context.
righteousness is being right,
not a religious behavior.
And that sin is not a religious concept,
but is being wrong, being errant,
being mistaken, being misled.
And so he redefined everything under the
basis of Tsadaq,
of why it's important to be right.
and very logically said, OK,
so I'm going to have this AI engine
search for answers and be deploy-able based
upon right and wrong from a logic and
consistency position.
Is the conclusion consistent with what
Yahowah has conveyed or inconsistent?
And are you consistent or inconsistent?
And so it's a very logical approach and
I'm glad he's doing it because I am
not the guy to do this.
You know,
I know Rich likes to do this as
well.
And I know that at time to time,
they actually get favorable results.
But I also recognize that fifteen minutes
after they've stopped exercising their
control and influence over their AI engine
of sorts,
it reverts right back to what it was.
Put his finger up in the air and
say, well, you know,
ninety nine out of every one hundred
people say that Jesus actually existed.
So he must actually exist.
And the guy that says he doesn't must
be wrong.
All I ever ask AI to do is
say more words.
I give it three words and I say,
describe this and make it longer,
say more words.
Yeah,
they have a thing that I used to
have on my desk all the time.
Now they have electronic versions of them
that I will use from time to time.
It's called a thesaurus.
And it works really well for that.
When you're writing,
one of the things you're trying to do
is to avoid
the repeat of the same word or even
the same sound later in a sentence or
in the next sentence,
because it sounds like you're an
unqualified writer if you're repeating
words.
And so Thesaurus,
which now are electronic,
is a really handy device to do that
very thing.
And I've always I've always found that,
you know,
if you can explain something in three
words,
but you can say even more about it
in three hundred words.
I really like the three hundred word
approach.
More is better.
I love words.
I'm the Basar's behemoth brevity.
So, yes, I reel it in.
This is among the most evil men in
the world.
He is the provocateur of the Ukraine proxy
war against Russia.
So the blood of two million men
are on his soul.
He was the one who went to Russia
with John McCain for the regime change to
get them so they would accept American
bribes to serve as cannon fodder to attack
Russia,
which is what this man and John McCain
wanted.
They then went back to Russia and said
that we're going to send you all manner
of weapons.
This was way, I mean,
years and years and years before the war
began.
Said,
we're going to send you all the weapons
you could possibly want.
You're going to be our proxy.
You're going to go off and kill Ruskies
for us.
And then other senators said, you know,
it's the greatest deal ever.
We're killing Russians and Americans
aren't dying.
So they thought this was really a great
deal.
Two million people are dead.
A country is destroyed.
The world's on the cusp of World War
III and annihilation.
And a huge part of the reason for
that falls on this man's dark, dark,
dark soul.
So I not only despise him,
but also have no respect for any of
you who may have voted for him.
And so this is the epitome of evil.
If he is your ally,
you are absolutely headed to hell.
Well, I didn't vote for him.
I haven't voted since the Hung Chad.
Not since the Hung Chads.
Were you in Florida at the time?
Were you in Florida during the Hung Chads?
No, no.
I remember seeing it,
but that is the only time in my
life I ever voted.
And then that whole debacle came out and
I'm like, what's the point?
Back in my earlier life,
I was religious and political and very
involved in both and exceedingly patriotic
and
And then truth had its way of working
in, and logic prevailed.
And I said, oh, boy, there is nothing.
I mean,
there is literally nothing to support any
one of my religious beliefs,
my patriotic beliefs,
my militaristic thoughts.
It's just all rotten to the core.
And I said,
so what are you going to do?
You're going to continue to profess things
that you know not only to be untrue
but counterproductive?
Or are you going to own up to
reality and stand up for what's moral and
true?
You walked away and you didn't even
realize it.
Boy, did I ever walk away.
I didn't know where I was walking to
at the time,
but I knew what I was walking away
from.
The reason I'm really concerned about this
is that there are lots and lots of
Israel-sponsored posts.
Israel is a major player in social media.
Almost all of the Israeli posts are trying
to equate what happened in Venezuela with
what they want to happen in Iran,
regime change.
And what happened in Venezuela was so
grossly immoral that for Israel to be
sponsoring this kind of thuggery and
thievery,
it just tells us how far they have
gotten away from the advice God gave them
in the Torah.
and that Israel has earned a horrid
reputation because of the fact that they
don't stand for anything that's positive.
all over almost everything that is wrong.
And it saddens me because I love Israel.
My whole life is dedicated to trying to
uplift and awaken and teach the Jewish
people.
That is my entire purpose.
And yet I see the government of Israel
and those who are trying to influence
people for Israel as Israel's greatest
enemies.
And Israel has been hugely,
all over this thing,
Venezuela trying to equate it with Iran.
And listen, you know,
I understand this is the fifth time in
the last ten years that there's been an
uprising in Iran.
And each time that it's appeared,
I've always said the same thing.
They have nothing to rally around.
They have only something to rally against.
And so long as you only have something
to rally against and not around,
your chances of prevailing are exceedingly
slim.
And what we have found is that with
regime change,
when there is nothing really promising to
rally around that is moral or superior,
that it always turns out worse.
So there is no reason to be the
least bit hopeful in Iran.
And this particular protest is not based
upon religion.
The last one with the hijab was based
The younger people wanted to throw it off.
And I said, no,
they don't have near the critical mass
necessary.
And everybody was talking about the fall
of the Iranian regime.
And I said, no,
it's not going to happen.
And then when Israel started bombing Iran,
they were talking about the fall of the
Iranian regime.
I said, no, it's not going to happen.
This time,
they're not attacking the regime from a
religious point of view.
You know what they're attacking with their
rallying priors?
It's all economics.
We're starving.
The theocracy in Iran nationalized
everything.
And so they run the country like a
communist state.
So it's a weird blend of communism and
religious theocracy.
It's kind of like in China,
they've got a weird blend of communism at
the top and free enterprise in terms of
industry.
But this is a religious theocracy,
which we'd call a fascist government with
a socialist economy.
it has been hugely ineffective,
as is always the case with socialism.
And the only guarantee you have in
socialism is no rights and no prosperity.
And so that's what they've experienced,
no rights and no prosperity.
And they're upset that the currency is
worthless and that their economy is
bankrupt.
and that's just the nature of socialism
and that's what they're uh rallying
against but what are they going to go
to do you think there's a lot of
uh of entrepreneurs out there that are
skilled on uh building businesses and uh
business acumen and financing and and the
like a bunch of entrepreneurs no I don't
think so
So what are you going to get that's
going to somehow be better?
And how did bombing them make them want
to love you all the more?
Yeah,
and broken up smaller pieces is a more
dangerous Iran for it for Israel,
because you'll have crazies that nothing
to lose that let's bomb and use these
missiles that we've been stockpiling
everything against the Israel where at
least the main regime that the big ones
have some sense that not right now,
you know,
because they don't want the repercussions.
Yeah, yeah, it's pretty exceedingly sad.
Israel has a zero percent possibility of
prevailing against Iran again if there is
another strike because of what Iran has
done since the last strike and deepening
and
bonding itself,
deepening the relationship with and
bonding itself to both China and Russia,
who have now been pushed to the point
where they are even more committed to
defending Iran.
took Venezuela from China in terms of the
crude deal because they were the vast
purchaser,
the largest purchaser of Venezuelan crude.
It means that now China is dependent upon
Iran.
And so Israel attacks Iran again,
and they're going against China and
Russia.
It's going to devastate the country.
The country cannot survive that.
So it's foolish.
You know, in this last vassal meeting,
Israel now is a vassal of Donald J.
Trump.
Netanyahu has put Israel in that position.
And he did so by upsetting the rest
of the world.
The demolition of Gaza literally caused
the entire world to turn against Israel.
And so...
The only person in the world that hasn't
turned against Israel, at least publicly,
is Donald J. Trump,
because he's got no problem with a nation
that uses its military to destroy people.
He's all for that.
And he knew that because he was the
only person standing up for Israel,
that Israel and...
Netanyahu would become his vassal.
He loves that.
And so that's what he's got.
And that's where Israel is now.
They're a vassal to the most destructive
and satanic man that has ever lived.
Far worse than Adolf Hitler.
As it will play out,
Trump will be far worse than Adolf Hitler
or Stalin.
The most demonic man,
the sadistic man ever to have lived.
And Israel's put itself in this position.
And there is no chance it's going to
work out well for Israel.
Donald Trump's going to betray Israel.
There's going to be a fake Palestinian
state carved because Trump will,
the next move will to shore up the
petrodollar and have America survive
another few months is to bribe Saudi
Arabia.
And the only way they're going to bribe
Saudi Arabia is giving Saudi Arabia what
it wants, which is control over Israel.
And the way that you do that is
you cut out the heart of Israel and
hand it to Saudi Arabia as a...
Islamic State.
So this is what's going to happen.
And it's Israel's put itself in a position
where there is no way to avoid that
happening because it has turned the entire
world against it.
And it didn't need to be the case.
But Netanyahu has been a disaster for
Israel.
Yeah, real simple response to this one.
Do Jews believe in hell?
my response what you they or anyone
believes is absolutely irrelevant and
worthless no reason to even ask I mean
I’m asked all the time what do you
believe I said nothing I either know or
don't know right but I’m here to tell
you what Yahowah has revealed is real and
it matters
And Sheowl exists.
It's equivalent to a black hole.
And so to be a Jew and expressing
the views of Judaism and say that we
don't believe in hell is to say that
you don't believe you.
And you don't believe your Torah.
And that's a really rough position to be
in.
because there's lots of comments that
Yahowah has made about those who disavow
what he has to say in this regard.
And so I'm here to tell you that
everyone who has promoted a erroneous
perception of hell
either as the place where all those who
don't capitulate to their religion go and
threaten people that way as the case with
Islam and Christianity,
or that it doesn't exist as in the
case of Jews are free to do whatever
they want to do in their Talmud and
religiosity against God without
consequence.
It's going to be your reality.
It will be your future.
So you ought to be careful.
You know, it's interesting.
I want to share just one thought.
You're familiar with a fellow named Bill
Maher?
Yeah, Bill Maher.
Yeah, he is an atheist,
an interesting atheist.
He is liberal but not crazy so.
He is a liberal who is still willing
to criticize liberals.
He was having a casual conversation,
I think, with Peterson,
the psychologist that's decided he's going
to be an influencer.
And he's super religious.
Christian of the Wazoo.
I used to like him when he was
a psychiatrist, psychologist.
I thought he had sound views.
His research was really quite good,
and he promoted a lot of things that
had value.
But there was, I guess,
not enough money in that and he decided
he'd be an influencer.
And as a religious influencer, of course,
he has a huge audience.
And what he spews now is absolute rubbish.
So anyway,
the two of them were having a discussion.
And what Bill Maher said is, you know,
I want to do away with religion.
I would reject all of religion.
And then he went through and talked about
religion.
And then he says, even in the Torah,
in the Old Testament, the God there said,
I want you to go in and kill
everybody.
I want you to kill the women and
the children and
And destroy them.
And so he says, you know,
that's pretty oppressive.
That's a real tyrant of a God.
I want no part of that.
I would like to get rid of all
religion.
Now, I wrote him back and said,
you were so close.
So close to being right.
Religion is bad.
You're right.
God hates it.
Religion is the curse of humanity.
It's been the single most destructive
force in the history of humanity.
Those people who were in that little tiny
swath of land at the time called Canaan,
it had a bunch of names,
of twenty different names,
but the umbrella was called Canaan.
They were exceedingly religious.
In fact,
their religion is very close to
Christianity today.
you say religion is really bad caustic
terrible deadly right god agrees with you
caustic deadly it's like having rats
infested with the bubonic plague and
living in the basement of your house it's
like uh putting your kids in a bedroom
that's filled with uh with rattlesnakes
toxic vipers
Religion is the single most destructive,
deceitful,
damning and deadly influence the world has
ever known.
You are right.
So if God's going to have a little
home for his people,
what's the first thing that he should do
if he's a caring father and and and.
cares at all for the well-being of his
people.
What's the first thing he's going to have
them do?
Make it safe.
Clean it up.
Make it safe by ridding it of religion.
And so you were so close, Bill Mayer,
by acknowledging that religion is an
ultimate curse on humankind.
And then by acknowledging that the God of
the Torah, Yahowah,
he doesn't know his name, but Yahowah,
asked his people to rid their home that
he was giving them it's planets his so
it's pretty much his right to choose any
part of it that he wants to give
them and his little tiny slice it's less
than two tenths of one percent of uh
even of the middle east so it's minuscule
on this planet he wants to give them
that little slice of land uh and he
was once it to be safe for them
what's the first thing he has to do
remove religion if you don't remove
religion it isn't safe so he was that
close
to being right, and yet he missed it,
and he's a smart man.
Can't win them all?
I don't know that we'll ever get a
Bill Maher.
They would have to give up too much,
walk away from what they think is too
much to gain everything to be covenant.
You know...
I was uh I was once a billionaire
um I uh I had what you would
consider really at all I mean and not
just a a transient billionaire but you
know I I had skill sets I not
only was a founding entrepreneur of the
companies that I ran but you know I
you
airplane pilot uh up to the sense of
single type rated single pilot and jets
and and uh and captain uh of uh
mastery of large uh boats and yachts and
had all manner of skills and wide variety
of uh of sports and was reasonably uh
articulate and you know I had my own
uh syndicated radio show and I did
had some accomplishments.
I had homes all around the country.
I was an architect and a contractor and
building them and had some skills.
I gave it all up for where we
are.
And you know how much I lost and
how much regret that I gave all that
up?
You didn't lose anything.
I don't think I didn't lose anything.
I was I was far more political than
Bill Maher.
I was I was religious.
I gave it all up.
And it was like giving up a the
most toxic, irritating,
poisonous thing you could possibly do.
It was I detoxified my soul when I
gave them up.
So what you're giving up is a burden.
It's like taking the scales from your eyes
and removing them.
It's like taking the brain where none of
the synapses were firing correctly and all
of a sudden, whoa, that's amazing.
So what you're giving up is worthless.
Politics, he knows it's worthless.
Religion is worthless.
Man's perceptions are worthless.
You give up nothing.
And you gain everything.
Now,
you will give up one thing that he
would probably hold dear.
Popularity.
God has never been popular.
Anything said about him will never be
popular.
All you have to do is look at
my ex-account and you will know that for
sure.
You will give up popularity and you will
gain countless enemies.
Now,
he has a lot of people that take
shots at him.
but nothing compared to the people that
would take shots at him if he were
to speak honestly and more openly about
the fact that Jesus never existed and the
New Testament is the dumbest book ever,
well second dumbest book ever written,
the Quran is the dumbest book ever
written.
Uh, and Talmud is, uh, is a joke.
Uh,
if he were to speak honestly about these
things,
he could change the world because he has
the platform to, uh, to do it.
But, um, he would be,
you have to be a really,
really courageous man with character.
I don't think it would change.
Um,
I think he would lose people so fast
that they're.
there would be no momentum in them.
You know what I mean?
People would just turn their head and walk
away screaming and it would be over in
an instant for him.
Yeah, you wonder,
I would agree that you can't do it
on mainstream television and no chance of
that because there'd be no advertisers.
Right, right.
And so there is no...
cable operator or broadcaster that's going
to put up with you without advertisers and
you would lose your advertisers.
And that's absolutely certain.
And you would lose your ratings and you
would lose your popularity.
But there are influencers today with
millions of people.
Now,
the fact is the most successful
influencers are utter scum.
I mean,
they go from irrelevant to total scum.
And the most influential are really
horrible people saying terrible things.
So you wonder if he really had a
man that has the kind of talent to
deliver the monologues that he does that
are so beautifully presented visually and
audibly.
And his timing is impeccable.
He's got a great sense of sarcasm and
wit.
What would happen if he's an older guy?
Somebody like that decides, you know,
I'm going to dump the politics and
religion and I'm going to spend the last
five years of my life making a
contribution.
You always wonder what
That would be, or if we're it.
We're it.
We're it, and there won't be any more.
It's just you and me, pal,
and Rich here, and not too many others.
I'm sorry, but Leia keeps asking,
where is this person that's going to be
able to do this,
and where is my person that's going to
be able to do that?
No, no.
We're it.
Just it would be nice if that person
comes along.
But at the end of the day,
I have to plan and focus and realize
that we're it.
Let's work with what we got.
Yeah,
I was talking with Leah this morning and
and when I'm translating Isaiah fifty
seven,
which is so specific to those who are
opposed to us and and I'm realizing that
how
Overwhelmingly,
I was in support of what we're doing,
because quite literally, he's gone all in.
He said, this is my guy.
This is his team.
And I'm all in with him.
There is no backup plan.
There's no alternative.
This is it.
And he's very pleased with the outcome,
but he is exceedingly defensive of what
we're doing.
And so I was talking to him.
I am seventy years old and in good
health, but still seventy years old.
And I'm trying to put in between eighty
five and ninety hour weeks.
And you realize, you know,
that not humanly possible,
you can't keep on doing that.
And so I was trying to say,
what is the answer?
We've got to see this through to the
end,
but how do we find a moment to
recharge where we're not on so that we
can see this to the end?
And if it hadn't been for Rich's arrival
and your arrival a year ago at this
time, we wouldn't be here now.
the wherewithal that's required to convey
this message,
there wouldn't be enough support to get it
done.
And so we realized that, okay,
gun provided a team.
So we do have the wherewithal to get
it done,
but we are also going to have a
bit of pacing because we could potentially
literally run ourselves out and we can't
run ourselves out until the end it's what
happened with the both Moshe and Dowd both
in Moshe and Dowd um went uh too
too hard too long I had too much
abuse uh and both finally gave up we
can't well that's what happened with me
with the um
the second Shabuwah you know June twenty
seven insight that you had a while back
I was like as soon as you said
that I said this just became a marathon
I have to re purpose rethink how I
do things daily and how much time and
effort and everything that I spend on it
so that you know I can still cut
wood and heat my house and you know
what I'm not spending
hours a day doing this.
It just became a marathon and we have
to pace ourselves.
You're absolutely right.
You have to.
For me,
there are a couple of things that seem
to work.
One is private time.
I have a lovely home here.
but no one can be at that home.
And it needs to be at least a
day or two a week,
just my wife and I. And collectively,
we're really good together,
but when she is dealing with all the
people online that she's working with to
pursue this,
and we have all the people come into
the house after a while,
she's an introvert, and it gnaws on her,
and then she gnaws on me,
and that becomes more stressful.
So that's part of it.
my source of energy is actually
translating and then commenting on what
God said.
That's an input.
Yeah, that's the happy time.
That's the happy time.
But I've realized that without pacing,
this is going to be very difficult to
do.
Thrilled to be able to be part of
this.
We looked at,
posted now two or three shorts from
December a year ago.
I had the old Shattering Myths syndicated
radio show headset on with a boom mic
and had my big glasses in trying to
read a side screen.
Didn't have a teleprompter.
It was just really raw.
And we didn't have a rich in switches
and multiple cameras and all sorts of
fancy lighting and stuff.
microphones that were being uh properly
calibrated or any ability to have uh you
know two of us or more in the
same uh presentation it was it was really
raw so we've come a long way but
we are going to have to um do
things one is to pace ourselves to some
degree but also to re-emphasize what
Yahowah has made real clear
that is if you're going to be part
of his team particularly important to him
and be viewed as working with him and
to be part of that uh inter circle
of people that matter you need to be
engaged and if you're just around the
periphery and and uh and uh listening
that's nice and sharing that's nice but
You need to be engaged.
There's a lot to do,
very little time to get it done.
And we're gonna go on with or without
you,
but if you want it to be anything
more than, okay,
so you're one of the people that made
it, good for you.
Now, please step out of the way.
We're gonna be doing this together for a
thousand.
We got a thousand years to go on
this project.
And so the encouragement would be,
Get your act together,
make a contribution.
I think that's one of the reasons why
the realization of what actually
transpired in Eden and why God's bringing
us back to Eden is one of the
most profoundly important insights we've
had along this way.
And what we learned is that the experience
in Eden didn't end because Adam and Chawah
took a bite of an apple.
Adam and eve you want to be religious
took a bite of an apple I uh
there was not a uh an initial sin
um that's not how it happened god gave
up on man and god gave up man
you can't even blame woman because god
gave up on Adam before he even conceived
Chawah yeah he conceived Chawah as a as
a means to help Adam deal with the
separation
because he was leaving it, it didn't work.
And the reason it didn't work in the
garden is because Adam was conceived
to be observant, Shamar.
Closely examine,
carefully consider everything around him
because God wants to show off and share
the universe that he has created.
And so he doesn't want to take somebody
around the universe that says, you know,
I'd rather be playing my video game.
Right.
Okay.
So you've got to be observant and pay
attention to what's going on around you.
Second is I want him to work.
To make a contribution.
Well,
there was no indication that Adam did
either of those two things,
that he was ever observant,
paying attention to what was going on
around him,
or that he ever made a contribution to
the relationship or the garden.
Ever.
Once.
Never.
Those are the first two things.
That's why I was so opposed to AI.
It's depriving humanity of these two
things that God's looking for.
When you're talking about observe,
you observe because you're processing this
information.
It's not only closely examining,
but carefully considering.
And when you substitute AI for it,
that's bad.
When you substitute a robot for the labor,
So God wants us to be contributors to
work and to be aware of what's happening
around us.
The other thing is that God wanted to
be able to trust us.
And to trust Adam means that he wasn't
looking for someone who was perfect.
So trust was not being perfect.
So this idea that he made one mistake,
therefore he was imperfect,
therefore he was moved out of the garden,
that's not the case.
God doesn't want him to be perfect.
If God wanted to be perfect,
it would be nothing but a bunch of
many mes and eternity,
and that would be boring as hell for
God.
He wants imperfections.
That's why he loves Dowd.
I mean, Dowd personifies imperfections,
right?
Yeah,
so he's looking for imperfections because
that's what makes us interesting.
But what he wants is when we make
a mistake, are we capable of admitting it,
growing from it, learning from it,
and then getting back up?
When we fall, can we get back up?
When Adam fell and was gobbling down the
fruit from the tree of knowledge before
its time,
Rather than stopping it and say, yeah,
I probably shouldn't be doing that.
Let me see if I can do something
productive and put this fruit back in the
tree.
No, he just kept on gobbling it out.
In fact,
he was hiding in the tree when that
tree when God came to him.
And so he proved that he could not
be trusted, that if he fell,
he was going to stay that way.
And the universe is is scary out there.
God wants to show off the universe that
he created.
And to do that,
he has to be able to trust us.
He has to know that if we make
a mistake, we'll learn from it.
If we stumble and fall,
we'll get back up.
That we'll listen to him and pay attention
to what he has to say.
And we'll pay attention to what's
happening around us.
And that we'll make a contribution such
that the net total is greater than either
of us would be independent of one another.
Not deadbeats,
not somebody looking for an entitlement,
which means Gen Z is pretty much out
of luck.
uh and so when you realize that's what
god was looking for that's why he
foreclosed on the garden experience that's
why god was the one who called to
the fall of man and why six thousand
years later we're being invited back with
this cast of characters with the with his
Nakar his observant foreigner that's why
he's called that that's why this
individual is the role that I’m performing
is known as the uh the tree of
knowledge
Because what God wants to do is equip
a remnant of his people in a protective
environment.
Again,
it's going to turn the entire earth into
the conditions of Eden,
ideal environment for us,
where now we have this core group of
people who are going to be responsible
under Dowd, who is under Yahowah,
to equip people to do better,
to not replicate Adam's mistake.
Yeah.
to have this sense of responsibility and
making a contribution and being good
listeners, being observant,
and most importantly,
When we fall, stand back up.
In a moment,
we're going to start another iteration of
returning to the garden.
And one of the contributors is going to
be Kirk,
who you mentioned earlier in the show.
Kirk is stricken right now with prostate
cancer.
And the treatment for that is horrendous.
And what he's had to endure,
it's overwhelming.
And yet every time I'm talking to him,
he is laughing.
He's talking about how he's going to get
through this.
Be honest and say, you know,
this is really tough.
What I'm going through at the moment is
really, really hard.
But then you say, you know,
but I'm going to make it through.
And you'll figure out a way all the
way through to laugh about it.
And when I'm talking to him,
I'm not trying to be careful that you
don't mention the C word or that you
don't talk about, you know.
All the things that are normally go along
with, you know,
they they remove all testosterone from
your body.
And so, I mean,
he may need a training bra, but,
you know,
I'm I'll I'll kid with him on it
and he'll take it and he'll just laugh.
And and so he's a great example of,
all right, this is tough.
But he got back up.
And still wants to contribute.
Yes, he does.
He wants to be a part of it.
Yeah, that's the important part.
Hugely.
In fact, his view is, hey,
it's time for people to lift me up
or anything.
No, no, no, Kirk.
His only complaint, besides being tired,
is that I want to get this over
with so I can contribute back at the
same level I was contributing previously.
That is what God's looking for.
So with all of us, that's it.
I realize that it is the reason that
we were afforded this horrible mother
goddess clique that has been so nasty and
that thrives by trying to besmirch my
reputation.
Hash tagging my name is all they've got
going for them.
uh and god's disgusted with them and in
fact he's actually said I’m sending them
to hell uh directly unequivocally uh is
what he said but it without them
You don't have an obstacle that would
normally bring people down.
You need these challenges and these
obstacles and hardships along the way,
not only to empathize with God.
This is the thing that is so important,
that we understand that he has endured a
fractured family for six thousand years.
And so if we're going to understand what
he has gone through and try to rectify
that, we have to experience it.
That's why Howsha was told to marry a
religious prostitute.
We have to be able to relate to
it.
That's why Dowd's first wife was such a
little bitch.
No other way to describe it.
She was a...
devil on a, uh, with a skirt.
Uh, and you need that, you know,
with Doge's son, uh, Absalom was, uh,
this absolutely counter to everything that
was important.
Yeah.
They're not challenges if they're not
challenging.
Right.
Yeah.
The two most vicious people and, uh,
and Moshe's world where his brother and
his sister.
Yeah.
And so if you're going to do this
job,
you have to experience insider revolts,
fractured families to know what God's been
up against.
And to represent him,
you have to be able to endure it
and understand it, overcome it.
And it's essential part of this.
This is why with, you know,
we were talking about Bill Mayer in the
hope that somebody would,
that really has a gift of gab,
who is really funny and a wonderful
communicator,
would take the next step and get it.
But as you say,
it's unlikely because it requires a level
of character and conviction
that very few people have and that's the
character conviction god's looking for if
he's going to trust us off of this
planet all right my friend I think we're
uh we're probably getting near our time
where we're going to move on so let's
uh we'll go maybe one more one more
item here on the list and call it
a day I've just had the circle we're
over at two hours here um
Now, this is just a post,
but I've seen it from ten different
posters where there is this alleged
Russian oligarch.
The very fact that he's living in the
West means that he is an anti-Putinite
anyway.
And I'm
always bothered by the term oligarch
because I know that if you look at
the only successful democracies in history
were both oligarchies.
And the moment you get outside of an
oligarchy where people,
the only people who should be able to
vote as to whether or not you go
off to war or you spend money are
the people that are making a contribution
to society who have some skin in the
game.
And when you open it up so that
people who don't want to work
uh become the the largest uh group of
people and they can vote to steal money
from those who have worked uh then you
are going to have the kind of debt
that the us has and you're going to
implode and the whole system's going to
fail so I’m not appalled I’m not fond
of demeaning oligarchs because
of the fact that an oligarchy is the
only form of representative government
that has a chance of prevailing because
they have skin in the game.
They're net contributors.
And as a contributor,
they ought to be able to decide how
their contribution is spent.
And people that are contributors don't
typically want to vote for war because
it's their own sons that they send off
to war,
and they're not usually fond of doing
that.
So it's a different situation.
Anyway,
this person they're labeling as an
orthodox.
has suggested that it's good that the US
stole the Venezuelan oil because with the
Venezuelan oil and the US oil reserves,
that collectively it puts the world as the
number one source of oil reserves in the
world.
What nobody seems to want to factor in
here is what the cost of that was.
I heard there's one post here that we
didn't get to but you know it talked
about the uh the value of the oil
at fifty seven dollars a barrel which is
the current price it's going to go to
two hundred before long uh but at fifty
seven dollars a a barrel the price of
the oil means that the us confiscated uh
somewhere around fifteen to twenty
trillion dollars of assets from Venezuela
piracy is is very very uh good today
I guess
Anyway, that's what we stole.
It was about at fifteen to twenty trillion
dollars.
And so this person went on to say,
well, if they sell it for this,
then it's you know,
then it's still an asset that the United
States came to acquire.
That's that's over seven, eight, nine,
ten trillion dollars.
And that's bigger than the entire GDP of
Japan.
And what they didn't recognize is the US
is not selling the oil.
We're taking the oil.
and what we choose to give to the
Venezuelan people for sustenance will be
minuscule.
But there's always an equation.
You see,
pirate ships didn't operate for free.
You had to maintain those ships,
you had to have sales,
you had to have crews,
that sort of thing.
You had to buy guns and dynamite and,
not dynamite,
but explosives to shoot the projectiles.
Pirates.
They don't operate for free.
Piracy doesn't operate for,
there's a cost.
there's a cost of of taking over somebody
else's country you steal somebody's
country there's a cost associated with it
now it's not only the cost of occupying
that country and running that country that
uh that you've now inherited uh and now
it's your responsibility to maintain and
operate all of their uh their wealth
extraction devices uh and the us doesn't
have any ships either so we have to
arrange all of that but
But that's not the big cost.
And it's not the big cost of having
the military surround it and say,
it's ours now, don't you come near it.
And it's not just the cost of every
other nation and Latin America,
Central and South America now despises the
US and is looking for any way possible
to disassociate in every possible way from
the United States and the cost of all
of that.
The biggest issue is that the biggest
investor
And the number one relationship between
Venezuela and other countries was with
China.
And the Chinese were there because we
sanctioned Venezuela and gave them no
other choice.
And because of that Chinese relationship
and the fact that we just cut off
China's second largest oil and oil
supplier, the consequence,
the cost of that
is going to be catastrophic.
So you didn't pick up seven, eight, nine,
ten trillion dollars worth of oil by
pirating it.
What you did is you bankrupt your country
because the Chinese are going to,
within the year,
bankrupt the United States for stealing
that.
You steal that asset,
that's what it's going to cost.
The Chinese are in a position to bankrupt
the United States and they will do so.
So no one ever bothered to think of
what the real cost is.
And the real cost here is that America
lost its moral legitimacy in the world.
Sure.
We're now thugs.
We're thieves.
Everybody seems to be okay with it as
long as they're getting their cut.
Oh,
if I can have two dollar a gallon
gasoline to go back and forth to work,
then I'm OK with it, right?
Well, yeah,
I wouldn't use the term everybody is OK
with it.
I posted the world's response to it.
There were three countries, one,
of course,
that was bribed in Argentina that were
favorable.
uh and every other country was
overwhelmingly negative saying this is
illegal this is thievery this is piracy
this is thuggery uh this is kidnapping
this is a horrible thing the united states
did uh and the united states can't be
trusted anymore uh it's lost all moral
standing in the world and it's what little
it had left of uh of of of
reserve currency status through the
sanctity of the dollar destroyed.
So the consequence of Trump being a thug
in this case is catastrophic.
It's going to bankrupt the country
morally.
And that's the way that the overwhelming
preponderance of the world has looked at
it,
even the countries that are closely allied
with the United States.
None of them would say a positive thing
about it.
They said, oh,
we're pretty concerned about this.
Maybe we need to learn more about it
before we say anything.
But it's catastrophic what we did to
ourselves and the cost to America of doing
this thing will be overwhelming.
Now, if you look at America, of course,
the Democrats are going to say bad Trump
just because it's bad Trump.
They hate Trump.
And the MAGAs are going to say, yay,
Trump, just because they're crazed.
Being a MAGA today is worse than being
religious.
No evidence and reason matters,
no morality.
It's just all, he's our God.
The people in between,
which would be the swing vote for any
election, know what he did was wrong.
And whether or not there's some of those
that say, well,
it's going to bring down gas prices,
but it won't bring down gas prices.
By the way,
it's going to increase gas price and
increase everything.
We isolated ourselves from the world and
morality.
I would want to share one other thing
that that is something I learned.
I always suspected I just didn't have the
proof.
You know how we're telling ourselves
publicly that our inflation rate's three
to four percent?
Right, right.
And you go to the market and you're
paying twice as much for groceries than
you did a year ago,
or fifty percent more for groceries than
and that everything is
prohibitively happy.
I'm more expensive.
I spent one hundred fifty thousand dollars
for a gear that makes these programs go.
And and I look at the cost of
individual components like right now,
the primary camera is a Canon commercial
grade professional video cam.
That same camera is now twice what I
paid for it a year ago.
Yeah.
And what we found here is that the
reason the CPI is only consumer price
index is only showing a four percent year
to year inflation rate is that the
government is gaming the system.
What they're doing is saying, all right,
so stake has gone up and it's double
what it used to be.
But people have gone to ground round
since they can't afford steak anymore.
So we'll price the index based upon ground
ground because that's what they're eating.
OK,
so the car is fifty percent more than
it was previously,
but the car has some features that it
didn't have previously.
So what we're going to do is to
say the increase and price of that car
has nothing to do with inflation.
It has all to do with the fact
that the car has some new features,
more value.
So they have recalibrated everything to
come up with an excuse to ignore the
difference and
price then and now by saying it's not
the same commodity.
So we're just going to simply ignore that
or attribute it to a different column.
So that's why inflation is probably in the
fifteen to eighteen percent.
What's the price of silver?
Well, yeah,
just what's the price of silver?
Yeah.
Now you look at silver and gold,
the the most of my savings are in
gold.
And have been for a while.
But they have not gone up in value.
No.
I know that gold's worth forty four
thousand two hundred dollars and more an
ounce.
And that's double what it was a couple
of years ago.
And you say, well, well,
it's really gone up in value.
No, it hasn't changed at all.
the dollar has gone down in value and
it's being priced in dollars.
And so the dollar has lost value.
And what you're measuring is the lost
value of the dollar.
So it's a great example of this inflation,
which is a function not of prices going
up,
but of the value of the dollar going
down.
It's the number one way that the
government confiscates your money.
And so the way that the government is
going to try to work its way through
default,
which is where America is now because we
can find no one to buy our bonds.
is that it will inflate the currency,
creating more currency through
quantitative easing,
and to do so at a rate along
with other smoke and mirrors such that you
don't notice,
particularly with the faulty reporting on
the CPI,
that all they have done is make your
savings worthless.
And so if you borrowed...
at money that was at a certain value
in these past four years.
And you inflate the money supply such that
when those T-bills come due,
you're paying them back with dollars that
are worth half of what they were.
then you've resolved half of your debt.
But who have you resolved?
What you've done is you've destroyed the
savings and all of the work of your
own citizens.
So you've robbed your own citizens to
cause your debt to be resolved with money
being paid back with money that doesn't
have any value.
But while you're doing it, of course,
you're adding to the debt.
that you will have to run the same
scheme.
And very soon people lose their confidence
in it.
They recognize what's happening.
You get hyperinflation.
And once you get hyperinflation,
it goes viral, spirals out of control.
And then the only answer to that is
a reset.
And the reset always causes the previous
currency to be viewed as worthless.
So your savings is now worthless.
And you go to a new denomination of
currency.
And this one will be an electronic
controllable currency in this reset so
that you only get money if you
swear at allegiance uh to the devil and
you only get to spend that money uh
no matter what you've made if you swear
allegiance to the the devil so that's
where we are and pro tip kids uh
contracts don't work either anything
denominating dollars those contracts are
are done
Everything falls apart.
There's nothing left to it,
and it's all because America is unwilling
to do, in fact,
probably couldn't even stand anymore.
You'd have to cut Social Security to ten
percent of its amount.
Social Security is a pyramid scheme.
If you think you're paying into your
retirement, you're nuts.
No,
you're paying for the deadbeat that didn't
pay.
It's all a pyramid scheme.
There is no Social Security trust fund.
So Social Security would have to be
reduced by ninety percent.
Socialized medicine would have to be
completely obliterated.
And it might as well be because if
you look at what's happening in Canada
today where they have socialized medicine,
it's great.
You just can't get treated.
Right.
You don't pay anything.
You just can't.
You can't get any treatment.
It's the same thing in Europe.
You don't pay anything,
but you just don't get any treatment.
And you'd have to eliminate that because
now it's really all nothing but fraud.
You'd have to essentially eliminate it.
And you would have to eliminate welfare in
all of its various forms,
food stamps and all manner of those kinds
of things.
and simply provide tangible help you have
kitchens that produce uh offer food um for
people to eat you have housing that is
uh is um you know get a roof
and warmth and and beds and toilets and
that sort of thing but you don't give
people money you you give them a place
to sleep you don't give them food stamps
you give them something to eat
You don't give them free health care.
You amend broken arms and you provide
antibiotics for disease control.
But if you're obese and you need a
quadruple heart bypass, I'm sorry,
you're going to die.
And all of those things would have to
happen.
You'd have to eliminate the US military.
And if you eliminated all those things and
then had a fair taxation,
it'd probably have to be a VAT and
eliminate the income tax and a fair way
of collecting money,
you still couldn't pay off the debt.
Even if you did all those things,
you still can't pay it off.
So that's how far we're gone and we're
adding.
Two trillion a year to the deficit.
And if they were to actually try to
sell our debt as opposed to create the
illusion of it through quantitative easing
and devaluing the currency,
then we'd be paying fifteen,
twenty percent on our T-bills and we'd be
adding six trillion dollars a year to the
debt.
That's how far out of control we are.
we're talking about invading countries and
using our military and going to war when
we can't afford it and the military is
not even the number one uh expenditure
anymore it's a service of the debt so
that's what you're up against and what
Yahowah is offering you is a way out
and it's the only way out
And if you want to find about that
way out,
I would encourage you to go to
yadayah.com and start reading.
Start reading.
Yeah,
just start with this book and go from
this one right to the end.
If you read three hours a night,
then over the next year,
three hours a night, every night,
over the next year,
you could make your way through most of
the books once.
And most of us have been through them
seven, eight, nine, ten times.
I suggest just start forming the
relationship with Yahowah.
Just start reading and everything else
will take care of itself.
I would agree.
Well, Kevin, thank you.
I guess I'm going to see you here
in about an hour or so as we
go back and we do our Return to
the Garden Part Two.
That's going to be an interesting series
because where it ends up is just
astonishing.
I've never seen anything like it.
I've been doing this for now,
twenty-four years.
I have never seen anything like what we're
going to witness in God's presentation in
Yasha'yah, fifty-six and fifty-seven,
and how sophisticated and elegant it is to
describe the fix that a number of people
have put themselves in,
pursuant to the role that we're carrying
out on behalf of Yahowah and his beloved
son, Dowd.
So thank you, Rich,
for bringing up the show and Kevin for
doing this.
I always love the vlog on the vlog.
Hopefully next time will be a little less
verbose and we'll get through more.
I think we pretty much nailed the number
one topic today,
which is why we went into Venezuela and
what the overall consequence is for the
United States vis-a-vis its debt,
the petrodollar,
and the consequence of doing what we did
in terms of China's retaliation and how
all that's going to play out over the
next year.
That's the message we wanted to deliver
today,
and I think we did a pretty decent
job of conveying that.
We'll see everybody in a little bit.